my name is becky simpson and i am an
illustrator author graphic designer and
i live in austin texas
so altura elementary I was always doing
the artsy things whenever I could I mean
I ran for student council just so I
could design the dance posters when I
was in kindergarten my teacher at us The
Very Hungry Caterpillar and I said then
that I was going to write in illustrate
book someday oh hi hi oh hi I didn't see
you there
I was just something that I wished
existed as a someone who's barely five
feet tall if that maybe my hair puts me
over the edge but I'd rather be short I
decided to upload them onto my blog one
by one once I have the kind of the look
that I wanted to submit to lit agents
then I'd submit and get an agent and
then from there a publisher and that's
exactly how it played out everything
starts out in my sketch book or on you
know printer paper or tracing paper and
then it gets edited in Photoshop or
illustrator and then it is in the world
through you know prints or books
sometimes there's a funny thing a word
that I just like to say and I just want
to draw it out and see what it looks
like on a phone case I mean a lot of my
stuff is playful and colorful so I think
that when I can highlight optimistic
goofy things those are the things I like
to pursue a lot of the stuff I do is you
know drawing with a marker or a sharpie
you know or something like that or like
a watercolor gouache that kind of stuff
I'll scan it or I'll use the app capture
and that's where it factorizes it and
then it goes into the computer that way
and so I do a lot of the stuff in
Illustrator or Photoshop and split
depending on the piece
I never really tried to find a style
it's just a natural evolution of by
doing something a lot it evolves I drew
a lot of like those fashions
illustrations with long legs and like
duck lips and stuff I just slowly kind
of embraced more of the quirky weird
stuff I like to committing to the marks
that I make on the page so I've never
really liked using a pencil it's more
fun for me to draw it and then figure
out how to fix it after I already been
drawn I think it's just doing the thing
a lot and it's having fun it's still
more fun for me to draw weird
unrealistic looking people because they
like no one no one's arguing over the
reality of it so the way these
flowcharts started I was waiting at the
DMV for like ever
I was just writing down new flowchart
ideas cuz I was bored and I didn't have
a laptop and so I instagrammed it like
seven ideas and I've never had an
Instagram B so people were just like had
opinions in the caption or like what to
do next
so I was like this is this could work
but it usually starts something like
these where I just do it it always
starts with the the theme kind of like
the onion writes their articles based
off of funny headlines that's I think of
the the title and then so like how much
is too much pizza the answer is
basically as much pizza as you can tells
you what you want to hear
creativity is just connecting dots and
so we're all constantly improvising and
we're all being creative all the time
and I know that not all careers have a
creative title attached to it but
everything we do requires some
creativity so I just want people to know
that they're creative I think that when
you have the confidence in knowing who
you are in that way then you have the
confidence to do more creative things
that are fulfilling and fun
is much better to measure by progress
and that comparison so when I think
about work that I'm doing now where I'm
taking this big creative risk or at
least to me it is and not knowing how
it's gonna go over I you know at least I
know that I'm successful if it's better
than what I've done before and so I if I
can constantly seek growth in what I'm
doing then that is our
hello internet friends I hope you
enjoyed that episode of creative spaces
TV
Becky is crazy talented make sure to
check out her prints and check out
everything that she has online at her
website and her various social media so
I will put those down below in the
description as well let me know if you
liked this video and hit that subscribe
button because I'm putting out new
episodes of Korea's face TV every single
Tuesday of March I'm so excited to share
the rest with you guys I will see you
this Thursday for another video bye
you